---
layout: post
title: "Tech Conference Maintainer"
date: 2024-05-24
categories: open-source
tags: tech-conf maintainer open-source
image: /assets/img/featured-posts/tech-conf.jpg
---

<details>
<summary>What is Tech Conference?</summary>

List of all tech conferences in 2024 and 2025Find your next tech conference
Open-source and crowd-sourced list of conferences around software development

</details>

Maintainer Role [#6734](https://github.com/tech-conferences/conference-data/issues/6734)

<details>
<summary>My Responsibilities</summary>

Ok. I've added you to the repo. You should now be able to merge pull requests.

Here are some guidelines I follow:

<ul>
  <li>Add only developer related conferences</li>
  <li>No webinars</li>
  <li>No marketing events</li>
  <li>No hackathons</li>
  <li>Check whether the topic really fits to the conference</li>
  <li>No medicine related conferences - we get a lot of PRs for surgery conferences</li>
  <li>No Semiconductors, Optoelectronics and Nanostructures conferences</li>
  <li>A conference must include talks - events like roadshows or conventions without talks are no conferences</li>
  <li>A conference is an event which has at least 3-4 people from different companies. Events where only people from one company present are not really conferences for me</li>
  <li>Shorten the URL as much as possible</li>
  <li>Shorten the conference name as much as possible</li>
  <li>Check for duplicates before merging</li>
  <li>The conference name should not contain the year or location - not always possible</li>
  <li>Check whether the website is reachable</li>
  <li>Check whether the CFP page is reachable</li>
  <li>Check whether the twitter URL is correct</li>
  <li>Check the dates, especially the month and year - sometimes people mix up numbers</li>
  <li>Check whether the website contains information about the conference and is not a list of multiple conferences or a blog post - I usually just merge PRs where there is a dedicated webpage available</li>
  <li>Remove tracker parameters from URLs - make the URL as clean as possible. This helps with duplicate detection.</li>
  <li>Check whether the URL is the original URL - we sometimes get PRs where there is a website which adds an advertisement frame around a real conference</li>
  <li>Reorder the conferences using `npm run reorder-confs` from time to time - this prevents ugly merge conflicts</li>
  <li>Be careful with merge conflicts - if you're not careful you can delete valid conferences or add removed conferences</li>
  <li>If you add a new location - I usually try to use the US English name of the location</li>
  <li>Locations in the US must have the state like `San Francisco, CA`</li>
  <li>If you want to add a location which is close to a larger location, I often choose the larger location instead. For example if a conference is close to Detroit, I would rather change the conference location to Detroit than adding a small suburb of Detroit. It's not always simple - in case of doubt you can also ask me</li>
  <li>If you have a conference for multiple topics and you want to change details, you need to adapt the details for all topics</li>
  <li>The topic general should be used alone - I would not mix JAVA and General. It's either or.</li>
  <li>Don't add topics too easy - people sometimes ask to add frameworks or libraries. You need to adapt at least 3-4 places in different projects to add a new topic. It's not that simple.</li>
  <li>Don't merge a PR if the checks fail</li>
  <li>Run `npm run test` before pushing</li>
  <li>Try to keep the test script as fast as possible. Currently the runtime is about 100-200ms</li>
  <li>If you commit/push directly instead of using the new conference form run `npm run reorder-confs` before pushing to avoid merge conflicts.</li>
</ul>

</details>
